# College Major and Sleep Quality
This was my final research project for Psych 101: Research and Data Analysis in Psychology, at UC Berkeley in Fall 2018. I conducted original research on the effect of college major on sleep quality among students. 

**Abstract**
This study explored the relationship between college major and sleep quality. 67 participants ages 15-26 were recruited through social media postings and filled out a Qualtrics survey gathering information on college major, sleep quality according to the Sleep Condition Indicator, and average sleep duration over the past month. Variables explored were sleep quality (DV), college major (IV1), and sleep duration (IV2). There was a slight positive relationship showing that non-tech majors had a higher sleep quality than tech majors, but this was not a significant relationship. There was a significant positive relationship (r = 0.33) between sleep quality and sleep duration (p = 0.006). A multivariate model showed no effect between sleep duration and the relationship between sleep quality and major. In the multivariate model the significant relationship between sleep quality and sleep duration remained, showing that for both tech and non-tech majors, there was a main effect of sleep duration on sleep quality. An interaction effect was present between major and sleep duration, showing that for tech majors, the relationship between sleep duration and sleep quality was weaker than the relationship between sleep duration and sleep quality for non-tech majors. However, this interaction effect was not significant.
